c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoFixture.AutoEF.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.Core.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoFixture.AutoEF.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.Core.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.pdb
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Clyde\Source\Repos\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests\obj\Debug\R3MUS.Devpack.ESI.Tests.pdb
